Previously on Titans...
Someone killed my mom!
I'm Detective Dick Grayson.
You wanna talk
about what happened?
You need to lock me up.
There is something
inside of me.
Something evil.
I woke up in a car.
And these men tried to kill me...
Who are you, exactly?
Who the hell are you?
I don't...
I don't know.
Who is she?
What do you want with her?
I don't know.
We need
somewhere safe to regroup.
Hey.
You're activated.
- Family trip.
- Who's first?
Me.
Who the fuck
are these guys?
Hank!
No!
Talk to me.
You're gonna be okay.
There you are, dear.
Hank!
No!
Well...
There you are, dear.
Who the hell are you?
Kory Anders. FBI.
FBI? In that outfit?
Stop right there.
My ID's in my pocket.
Can I reach for it?
Or would you like to?
Take it out. Slowly.
What the shit?
Shit!
No, wait...
I spy a cow.
Bingo.
- What? That's not fair.
- Is too.
I saw it first.
I win again.
Dad!
Come on now.
No one likes a poor winner.
What is this freak show?
Manners, dear.
Now, who needs to go
before we hit the highway?
Hmm?
Anyone thirsty?
Can I get a soda?
Sugar makes him hyper.
Hurry up, Rachel.
We haven't got all day.
Rachel?
Rachel.
I'm coming.
Come on now, Rachel.
There're people waiting on you.
Uh, I'll be right out.
Rachel?
Who's gonna
help you now, bitch?
Oh, gosh.
Who are you?
Do you know who I am?
Girl, who am I?
I don't know.
Come on.
I have a feeling you'll do
better with me than with them.
Oh, dear.
So?
How you feeling?
I got it. Got it.
Stupid question. I know.
I've got some great news.
Someone has volunteered
to be your foster parent.
Bruce Wayne was at the circus
the night your parents died.
He saw what happened.
I want to help you.
I assume you know
who Mr. Wayne is, right?
And, Dick, there's something
else we need to talk about.
The police have been
discussing the incident.
They believe
it may not have
been an accident.
What?
Someone killed my parents?
They suspect.
They're not sure.
I'm sorry.
Master Wayne,
do you really think this is a good idea?
The boy's been
through so much.
I don't need to remind you that
your extracurricular activities
are not conducive
to taking care of a child.
I understand, Alfred.
- Hank, I'm sorry. If I hadn't...
- Who were they?
What the hell
do they want with Rachel?
I don't know.
You take care of her.
I will find them.
Grayson.
Don't sound so excited.
Sorry.
Caught me at a bad time.
I thought you'd be on a beach
sipping on a pina colada by now.
Yeah, something like that.
What's up?
Forensics came back on
the Roth murder weapon.
There are prints, but they don't
belong to your girl Rachel Roth.
Traverse City P.D. called for
you this morning about her.
About Rachel?
They had an intruder
at the Roth crime scene.
African-American female.
Maybe six foot.
Magenta hair.
Apparently she assaulted
several officers.
BOLO came back
with a match on her
at a gas station
up your way off the 495.
Security cameras caught
her leaving with a girl
matching the description
of Rachel Roth.
And she left behind a body.
I'm on my way.
And Grayson, one more thing.
About Rohrbach, she's dead.
Murdered.
That's not mine.
We've never met? Ever?
Fuck.
You know it's
a weird question, right?
Just sit there and be quiet.
I need to think.
Do not do that!
What did you just do anyway?
I can feel what
other people are feeling.
But I couldn't feel
anything from you.
Who are you?
What do you want from me?
I don't know.
Just know that there are people out
there trying to hurt you and I'm not.
Okay?
Who were they? Those people,
what do they want from you?
I don't know.
Could I at least know your name?
You can call me Kory.
If that's even really it.
You don't know your own name?
I don't remember anything
past a few days ago,
except that I've been
looking for you.
- Why?
- I don't know.
I was hoping if I met you,
it would trigger something but, I...
You don't seem to know
who I am either.
Mom.
- Where'd you get this?
- Your house.
What's St. Paul's?
We're gonna find out
soon enough.
How did you
do that back there?
Do what?
That man... You burned him?
I don't know.
There's something inside of me.
- A power.
- I don't really understand it.
- Me, too. It's a darkness.
- A light.
Be with you in a sec.
What are you doing?
Making sure it's safe.
Paranoid much?
Can I, uh,
get you two anything?
Chicken and waffles.
Chicken and waffles coming up.
Best in the county.
Miss, can I get you
something, too?
No, thank you.
- Three beers.
- We don't serve until after 12:00.
Fuck you, Daryl.
Travis, leave it.
- Travis, let me go.
- No.
I told you this is over.
- No, it's not.
- Yes.
You need
to answer my calls.
- You do what I tell you to do.
- Let go.
Excuse me, Travis.
She was taking our order
and we're in a bit of a hurry.
Go get us our drinks.
You should go find
someplace else to eat.
Go wait in the car, Rachel.
That's right.
You go with her, too, sweet cheeks.
Before someone gets hurt.
Go.
- But what if...
- Now.
How about you get
the fuck outta here?
Chicken and waffles.
On the house, apparently.
Well, I know
one thing about you.
Total badass.
You know the first rule
about running away?
It's never about running away.
It's about power,
at a time in your life
when you feel totally powerless.
I know you don't think that you can
handle what you're going through,
but you can.
If you just let
other people help you.
Mr. Wayne understands
what you're feeling.
He wants to give you a home.
That is a gift, Dick.
Give it another try.
Please.
He lost his parents, too.
Hello, there.
Can I help you...
You're back.
My Lord, it can't be.
Is this her?
Oh! Look how big
you've grown.
It's been such
a long time, my child.
Oh.
You don't remember anything?
Not a thing.
Only that I was looking for...
- Her.
- Mmm-hmm.
Did I say why?
You came here a year ago and said
only that she was in danger,
that they'd found her.
Who had found her?
You only said you just had to find her.
And you did.
And you brought her back to us,
right as rain
and beautiful as ever.
You came to us just a baby.
You and your mother, Melissa.
You stayed with us for a while.
- You knew my mother?
- Yes.
How is she?
Oh. Oh, I'm sorry.
What were they doing here?
Your mother
was worried about you.
She was trying to protect you.
Protect me from what?
I cannot say.
You don't remember anything
about being here, child?
That, maybe?
Oh.
Mary meeting the divine.
A favorite of mine.
What does Mary see?
Can forces we consider purely
theological take corporeal form?
Do you see a figure in the
ether trying to emerge?
A man?
Not sure.
Your old bedroom
is at the end of the hall, dear.
What were you saying?
Who was chasing Rachel and her mother?
When she was brought to us,
apparently Rachel was
hiding from her father.
I don't know the details.
All I know is that
her mother was frightened
and convinced that she and
the baby were in danger.
The young woman's fear
was quite convincing.
As were the fresh strangle
marks around her neck.
Her father,
do you know who he was?
Did he ever come
looking for her?
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Truth be told, we haven't had
much call for this room of late.
It's a bit neglected,
I'm sorry to say.
Welcome home, Rachel.
What now?
Thought I'd find
the answers here.
Oh, don't give up so quickly.
I know I feel danger.
And I can't let her
out of my sight.
I just don't know why.
Hey, this doesn't mean
anything to you, does it?
Oh, of course. It's from
Scooter's Roller Palace
just down the road.
It's a lively place.
The young people quite like it.
Hmm.
The Lord works
in mysterious ways.
Huh.
Butterscotch?
Manners.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Well, hello, family.
Doctor Adamson.
I'm making omelets.
It seems
I may have over-shopped.
One less?
We failed.
Clearly.
This being who took her
from you is unique.
We have only recently
become aware of her.
Granted she is formidable,
but she is no Rachel.
We built you
better than this.
Any last words?
What's so important
about this Roth girl, anyway?
Honey, seen, not heard.
No. I appreciate
a bit of spirit.
This "girl" as you call her
is far more than that.
Look around you.
Oppression. Indignity.
Perversion.
Pain.
All hidden behind
smiles of dishonor.
Her father will reveal us.
When he comes,
he will scrub the flesh
of this world clean
and show us
who we really are.
But he can't arrive
without an invitation.
He can't come here
without her welcome.
But when he does...
what dreams may come.
I'd like to see
a world like that.
Would you now?
Well, I've already
cracked the eggs.
Be a shame for them to go to waste.
Would you like
another chance
to bring her to me?
To save your last words
for another day?
Yes, please.
Research suggests two-parent families
have a better chance at success.
How about we get you
another dad?
Oh, I wouldn't
eat the candies.
Now, who likes cheese?
Seriously?
You should try some.
Pass. You gonna be
long with that?
I ordered a burger, too.
That cop you told me
about in Detroit.
Yeah. Dick.
What about him?
He's not your father, is he?
No, no. He was just a
cop who was trying...
It doesn't matter.
He didn't really wanna
help me anyway.
So, you know anything
about your real father?
Not much.
My mom, Melissa,
she never talked about him.
I mean, like, not ever.
I'm gonna change this music
before my head explodes.
Well, I need change
for the arcade.
- Really?
- All I got.
Jumbo!
Power bomb.
Extra bomb!
- Hitchhiker.
- Hitchhiker Lane.
Nice.
Um... uh, go for
the Camera Sinkhole.
Score. Multiplier.
- I'm, uh, Gar.
- I'm Rachel.
Good call.
- I like your hair.
- Your hair is cool.
Look out!
Jackpot!
- Multiball!
Excuse me.
Hey.
I gotta talk to you.
Yeah, take a number.
About Rachel.
You're Dick from Detroit.
Where is she?
- Hey, come on. We're going.
- What are you doing here?
Now's not the time, okay?
Why are you here?
Can we talk about this
somewhere else? Let's go.
Rachel, we gotta
get you somewhere safe.
Do you know who sent
that weird family after her?
Who the hell are you?
I don't know. But somehow Rachel's
the key to me figuring me out.
Is that why you kidnapped her?
She didn't kidnap me.
She saved me.
- How's Dawn?
- Rachel...
I read what happened online.
Is she gonna be okay?
Who's Dawn?
I really can't talk about
this right now, okay?
The cops are looking for you.
They think you killed your mom.
That's news.
I may have failed to mention...
And they're
looking for you, too.
Assault on multiple officers.
Arson.
And not to mention kidnapping.
Like I said,
she didn't kidnap me, she saved me.
When you didn't.
Well, that's
technically true. Dick.
Gee, that's a new one.
I'm not going without her.
Mmm. What she said.
Can you please tell me
what the hell is going on?
- You left me.
- No, I didn't.
You might as well have.
You were going to.
- Rachel, I wasn't.
- I read the note.
- Look...
- You were just gonna leave me with them?
- I just need time to figure things out.
- Stop.
- Rachel.
- Stop lying!
I need to go back
to the Sisters!
Okay.
Okay. Come on, let's go.
Stealing private property.
Operating a vehicle underage.
Are you listening?
We're talking about a class-A
misdemeanor at best.
You could spend time in juvie.
People could've
gotten hurt, Dick.
If it was anyone else they'd
press charges, but you've lucked out.
Mr. Wayne isn't interested
in sending you to jail.
Listen... You can't keep
running away like that.
I'm not running away.
- I'm searching.
- For what?
Answers.
- Answers for what?
- To who killed my parents.
- The police are doing their best...
- No, not the police!
I have to be the one
who finds them!
- Why?
- So I can kill them.
Rachel.
I don't know what to do.
What set you off?
Were you scared?
Was I scared?
I'm always scared.
- Listen, I need you to...
- What?
Trust you?
Other people can help,
is that it?
No, they can't.
They'll just make promises...
but in the end they'll fail.
They'll all leave.
Just like you.
Yeah. You're right.
What?
You're on your own.
No one can help you.
Not really.
I was just like you once.
I thought if
I leaned on someone,
if I trusted them,
all the pain would go away.
I was wrong.
And anyone that tells you
any differently is lying.
The loss is here
for good now.
There's no getting over it.
But you can control it.
You can channel it.
No one else can do that for you.
Just you.
I think I need
to stay here a while, okay?
Yeah. Sure.
Oh, she needs
a minute by herself.
God is with her.
- Right.
- Hmm.
When she was a girl, did she
ever show signs of any, um...
- Any, um...
- Any what?
Nothing.
There you go.
- Is it okay?
- Hmm?
To drink in here?
Oh, I won't tell
if you won't.
Feeling better?
Your friend said
you need some time.
Yeah. Thank you, Sister.
You slept with her
every night.
Oh, this is just
so unexpected.
Seeing you back here.
Truth is we should never have
let you go in the first place.
But you're safe here.
And you always were.
Aw.
I'm so glad
that you've come home.
That's a good girl.
You just sleep.
November 6th, 2017.
Log entry 2.8.
My efforts to locate
and secure the girl
has led me to a terrestrial religious
convent in Covington, Ohio,
where she and her mother
took refuge eight years ago.
They knew the girl
only as Rachel.
Evidence suggest a Russian human-trafficking
ring operating out of Europe
supplied Rachel and mother
with new last names.
I'm flying to meet my contact
in Vienna tomorrow.
I'm not...
Rachel.
What happened?
I gave you something
to relax you.
You'll feel a little lightheaded.
It's normal.
We're almost there.
Easy, child.
Easy.
Where am I?
I promised you'd be
safe here, didn't I?
And here you are. Safe.
- What happened?
- Just...
We thought if we could get you
far enough away from him...
You were just
a baby after all.
We were weak.
It may not make sense now,
but you'll
eventually understand.
And I promise, it's for the best.
He won't find you here.
I wish there were another way.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What are you...
What are you doing?
Sister?
We all must make
sacrifices, child.
Let's go.
No!
Hey!
You stole my car. I like my car.
How did you find me?
There's an app for that.
- This place yours?
- Think so.
How long you been
looking for Rachel?
A few months, I thought.
Seems like a lot longer
than a few months.
You think?
This yours, too?
What's that writing?
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
Where did you say
you were from again?
I didn't.
Somebody,
let me out please!
No!
Rachel.
No.
Look at me.
That's better.
Somebody,
let me out, please!
No one's coming for you.
They locked you up.
They thought
they could protect you.
"She'll be safe here.
He won't find her here."
But they were wrong.
No!
No one wants you, Rachel.
You couldn't
save your mother.
Her brains got blown out right before
your eyes, and you did nothing.
Shut up!
Dawn is dying
because of you.
Who's next?
People around you aren't safe.
Accept it.
Let me in, Rachel.
You are alone.
I'm all you have.
Let me in.
Raven is the first species of birds
to be mentioned in the Torah.
A man came after Rachel.
He had a raven tattoo
on his back.
Rachel's birthday...
The mortality rate spikes
every year on that day.
Ever since she was born,
over 200,000
additional dead worldwide.
I think
she's part of a prophecy.
No one will hurt you.
Let me in.
You won't be weak.
You won't be scared...
...ever, ever again.
Look at you.
You're weak, fearful.
Trust me.
Let me in, Rachel.
I can help.
Trust me.
I'm here.
They left you, but I'm here.
Let me in!
She's the Destroyer of Worlds.
Rachel.